Please go down from here
send me off you
I forgot my steps and came to dance.
Otama, go ahead.
I'll talk to the lord on the sixth floor.
You fool, that's why I can't go.
That's the talent of the Joro.
If you get caught in such a sweet mouth, you'll be in trouble.
But even so, the lord,
Even if you get excited, even if you lose one,
I won't buy it and I'll do it.
I gave you 30 seconds like this.
Haaaaaaaaaa!
Something strange is going on.
Next year, March, Takao will come.
Takao is March, March, Takao is Takao is March.
It started again.
The year that came to live.
¿You were dead in triumphant arrogance after swearing?
Of course.
In March, you will be tied –
What's in an overhead story.
My old age will fall apart with old age.
The spring Divaviour will rise at the river Berkoa.
From the inside, she was a good Dragon~~~
I am here, I am Takao
If you need food, please come together
The life value of people and the words
The old castle in the north
Why did you forget the love of Takao?
I ran to the store in a hurry
I saw the table
I was proud when I worked in the kitchen
Now I'm changing the pot
Cut the eyebrows and dye the teeth
Red hand-painted eyebrows
A beautiful woman
You are a woman
I'm happy to be a woman
I ran to the old castle in a hurry
I saw the table